README.md, before:

# MDL/CE-fragment

Here's a simple _MDL/CE component_ that allows you to import HTML code.

Check the [docs](/docs).

Check the [tests MDL](/test/test-mdl.html).

Check the [tests CE](/test/test-ce.html).

Feel free to import HTML content by using

```html
<div class="mdl-fragment" src="an_URI.html"></div>
```

or

```html
<x-fragment src="an_URI.html"></x-fragment>
```

## Assumptions

### Fetch an URI

This tool allows to _import_ html code from a ```src = URI``` where that resource is fetched via [fetch](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/). This means that [fetch](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/) will handle CORS and some other cases.

### Load event dispatching order

While its expected that if a resource has been fetched and parsed successfully then a load event will be fire, this tool fetches and parses all the fragments and then will fire the load events in order of appearance. E.g in MDL:

```html
<div class="mdl-fragment" src="fragmentA.html"> <!-- (1) -->
  <!-- for the sake of the example, the fragmentA.html's content is: -->
  <!-- <fragmentA.html> -->
  <div class="mdl-fragment" src="fragmentB.html"> <!-- (2) -->
  </div>
  <!-- </fragmentA.html> -->
</div>
```

As intended here, __(1)__ will dispatch load event after all its content and fragments has been fetched and parsed successfully. After __(1)__ has finished, __(2)__ will dispatch load event having all its content and fragments fetched and parsed successfully, and so on...

All scripts that belong to a fragment will be executed as _async_.

The load event is exposed as a _Promise_ through ```loaded``` property.

### Relative URIs

The resolution of relative URI is implemented by using a [baseURI](https://github.com/m3co/pseudoimport-html/blob/master/src/fragment.js#L119) attribute that is assigned while fetching. Once the content has been fetched and parsed successfully, then this attribute is [deleted](https://github.com/m3co/pseudoimport-html/blob/master/src/fragment.js#L41).

The above doesn't apply for ```<scripts src=relativeURI></scripts>``` inside a fragment. The reason is that the src's ```<script>``` [must be changed](https://github.com/m3co/pseudoimport-html/blob/master/src/fragment.js#L104) in order to let the browser's parser do its job.

## Contribute

### Install

`$ git submodule init`

`$ git submodule update`

`$ npm start`

Commit message:

Add fetch options to readme

README.md, after:

# MDL/CE-fragment

Here's a simple _MDL/CE component_ that allows you to import HTML code.

Check the [docs](/docs).

Check the [tests MDL](/test/test-mdl.html).

Check the [tests CE](/test/test-ce.html).

Feel free to import HTML content by using

```html
<div class="mdl-fragment" src="an_URI.html"></div>
```

or

```html
<x-fragment src="an_URI.html"></x-fragment>
```

## Assumptions

### Fetch an URI

This tool allows to _import_ html code from a ```src = URI``` where that resource is fetched via [fetch](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/). This means that [fetch](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/) will handle CORS and some other cases.

### Load event dispatching order

While its expected that if a resource has been fetched and parsed successfully then a load event will be fire, this tool fetches and parses all the fragments and then will fire the load events in order of appearance. E.g in MDL:

```html
<div class="mdl-fragment" src="fragmentA.html"> <!-- (1) -->
  <!-- for the sake of the example, the fragmentA.html's content is: -->
  <!-- <fragmentA.html> -->
  <div class="mdl-fragment" src="fragmentB.html"> <!-- (2) -->
  </div>
  <!-- </fragmentA.html> -->
</div>
```

As intended here, __(1)__ will dispatch load event after all its content and fragments has been fetched and parsed successfully. After __(1)__ has finished, __(2)__ will dispatch load event having all its content and fragments fetched and parsed successfully, and so on...

All scripts that belong to a fragment will be executed as _async_.

The load event is exposed as a _Promise_ through ```loaded``` property.

### Relative URIs

The resolution of relative URI is implemented by using a [baseURI](https://github.com/m3co/pseudoimport-html/blob/master/src/fragment.js#L119) attribute that is assigned while fetching. Once the content has been fetched and parsed successfully, then this attribute is [deleted](https://github.com/m3co/pseudoimport-html/blob/master/src/fragment.js#L41).

The above doesn't apply for ```<scripts src=relativeURI></scripts>``` inside a fragment. The reason is that the src's ```<script>``` [must be changed](https://github.com/m3co/pseudoimport-html/blob/master/src/fragment.js#L104) in order to let the browser's parser do its job.

### Fetch options

You can provide global options for fetch request through meta-tag. In ex., you have options object:
```javascript
let options = {
  headers: {
    "cache-control": "no-cache"
  },
  method: "GET"
}
```
You would be transform it to:
```html
<meta x-fragment headers-cache-control="no-cache" method="GET">
```


## Contribute

### Install

`$ git submodule init`

`$ git submodule update`

`$ npm start`
